Adds `Firebase Crashlytics` dependency (#109)
olmps/memo: ARCHITECTURE.md

> If you are using `vscode` IDE, there is the [launch configuration files](.vscode/launch.json) for you to auto run and
> debug the application.
> 
> The environment is managed by `EnvMetadata` implementation, located in [`env.dart` file](./lib/core/env.dart). It reads 
> `ENV` flag and provides metadata that are dependent from the current running environment - like database URLs for 
> example - to the rest of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During runtime, environment properties are provided through `EnvMetadata` implementation, located in [`env.dart` file](./lib/core/env.dart). It uses this same
`ENV` flag to provide the respective environment's metadata, such as server URLs.

If you are using `vscode` IDE, there is the [launch configuration files](.vscode/launch.json) for you to auto run and
debug the application.
```
